I invite you to follow along,
but you are also welcome to simply observe
how the project is created.
However you choose to handle the final chapter,
I promise you will gain a better understanding
of how API definition files built with Swagger
and OAS can deliver API-based systems
more quickly and efficiently.
At the core of our project
is the H+ Sports catalog API definition file
that we created on SwaggerHub.
We'll use the API definition file
to generate several components in the system.
We'll build out a virtual server
that can mock API calls,
and an angular client SDK for calling that API.
Also, we'll create a spring base server stub
that provides the beginnings of an API implementation.
We'll then integrate the client SDK
into a small Angular Application,
so that it can retrieve mock product data
from the virtual server running on SwaggerHub.
The Angular App will use the product data
to build out a simple interface
containing the H+ Sports product catalog.
It's important to mention that we have not
even created the API implementation at this point.
Thanks to the mocking capabilities
of SwaggerHub's virtual server,
we can use design-driven development
to build API consumers
separate from the API implementation.
The sever stub generated by SwaggerHub
will then be augmented to include API logic
that provides product data
for the key API operations.
After we package the API implementation
into an executable jar,
we'll upload the artifact
and host it on a Linux Server running in Azure.
If you use another hosting environment,
it can take the place of Azure in the project.
Finally, we'll replace the SwaggerHub virtual server
with an API Gateway named Apigee
that proxies traffic to our
API implementation on Azure.
API Gateway's like Apigee
can manage an organization's API catalog
in a single platform,
solving common API concerns,
like throttling or security,
in a sensual location.
This project will help you better understand
how Swagger and OAS can deliver API centric solutions
while giving you a peek at some cloud-based platforms
that support API development.